{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 ## Mind Like River\
\
This is essentially a set of posts which will serve almost like my external hard drive of mind: ideas, reflections, solutions, and workarounds. This arose from a need to keep in one place the different ideas and thoughts that otherwise get scattered. There are already a couple, if not three excellent platforms where one can post one\'92s ideas etc. The videos, [youtube][y] and a host of other linkages serve excellent storage, for sound bytes, [soundcloud][s], and for images, [imgur][i1] is a great service, and of course there are [picasaweb][p] from google and so on. Text can be conveniently stored in any of the [dropbox based solutions][d] and work can get done. I also use sketchnotes a lot for my work and ideas and often post slideshows that are html5 based, using some css etc in the process. The idea is to bring everything into a common workflow. \
\
## A Place to keep everything that I have learned over time - the story of screen protector\
\
Technology gets increasingly complex and some sort of easy manual to get one\'92s work done might be really really useful. Even if for my own use. Some problems are trivial yet take up a lot of time to find solutions and can be quite distressing. Say, the screen goes blank on an android phone after you install a screenprotector when you install a screen-protector. What do you do? If you do not know that there is a tiny sensor at the top left or right corner of phone and that can get obscured by your screen protector, you will end up hours fiddling with the phone to no use. The simplest solution might be to take off the screen protector and reapply avoiding either corners of the phone screen. \
\
Where does one go to find these sort of information? Google yourself, search youtube, find out information from productivity sites such as [lifehacker][l], or keep a repository of your own and share freely with others? \
\
## How do You Learn these things?\
\
There are tons of services on the web, each with its own unique usage, and it is most often not child\'92s play to get around them, yet they are so often needed. One wonders if we had some sort of a repository that would put together a one stop shop that would include sorts of \'93users manuals\'94 for these sort of services for individual users. How do you use a service like pinterest most usefully?\
\
## A Case in Point \'97 Step by Step Use of Github\
\
}